PRESIDENT REAGAN:
Air and naval forces
of the United States
launched a series of strikes
against terrorist facilities...
REPORTER:
Pan Am Flight 103 crashed
into the town of Lockerbie.
REAGAN:
He has sanctioned
acts of terror
in Africa, Europe,
the Middle East.
PRESIDENT GEORGE H.W. BUSH:
This will not stand, this
aggression against, uh, Kuwait.
REAGAN:
This relentless pursuit
of terror.
PRESIDENT GEORGE W. BUSH:
We will make no distinction...
REPORTER:
The USS Cole was attacked
while refueling
in the port of Aden.
This was an act of terrorism.
It was a despicable
and cowardly act.
The next samba
we're going to swing for you
is one of the good old
favorites.
...until something stops him.
WOMAN: I'm just making sure
we don't get hit again.
MAN: That plane crashed
into the World Trade Center.
Thousands of people running.
We must and we will remain
vigilant at home and abroad.
(speaking Arabic)
SAUL:
What the fuck are you doing?
God!
CARRIE: Fuck! I missed
something once before.
I won't...
I can't let that happen again.
SAUL:
It was ten years ago.
Everyone missed something
that day.
CARRIE:
Everyone's not me.
Previously on Homeland:
(man speaks Arabic)
SOLDIER:
What did you say?
I'm an American.
It turns out he's one of ours.
Marine Sergeant Nicholas Brody,
MIA since early 2003
and presumed dead...
until now.
Hi, Dad.
CARRIE: Did you ever meet him?
BRODY: Abu Nazir?
Was he ever present during
any of your interrogations?
No.
So Abu Nazir's resurfacing
just as Brody's miraculously
returned home means nothing?
(chanting in Arabic)
Dad...
If he is a terrorist ,
we need eyes an ears on Brody
from the minute he steps
off that plane.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Hey, I know you.
Hey, look, I'm not going
back in if it means
you can't go back in.
That's not necessary.
Maybe we can hold
our own private meeting
out here.
How's that sound?
It's tempting.
How about your wife?
I can't be with her,
but I can with you.
The fucking CIA thinks
I'm working for al-Qaeda?
I think you're
working for al-Qaeda.
I was broken,
living in the dark for years,
and a man walked in.
And he was kind to me.
And you became
his follower?
BRODY:
For the last time, Carrie,
I am not what you think I am.
NAZIR:
I pray every day
that you never lose sight
of what you committed
to do in Issa's name.
MAN:
The switch is here.
Wait until the last second
before you open it.
BRODY:
I read that part
of the blast goes upward
toward here--
point of weakness.
There is a bigger, pernicious,
Abu Nazir-worthy plot
out there,
and we have
little time.
We have to code it,
collide it,
collapse it,
contain it.
MAGGIE:
She's bipolar.
She's stable on her meds.
Why didn't she
ever tell me?
She said no one
at work could know.
Your office at Langley is
being cleared as we speak.
I am about to solve
this fucking thing.
What are you doing here?
It's about your dad.
Was he hit?
He is with the vice president
and other innocent people.
He is going to kill them
if we don't stop them.
Okay, the world is about to end
and we're standing around,
talking!
Do not move.
(overlapping shouting)
Saul, you have to listen to me.
The woman that was hit--
she is not the target.
Right now they're putting
the vice president
and his team
in a single small space.
They're supposed to be safe
there but they're not.
They're vulnerable.
Say the holy words.
Remember Issa.
Got a call for you
from your daughter.
Dana, I got to call you back.
No, Dad, no, there was
this crazy woman at our house.
Dad, she said
that you're a terrorist.
You have to promise me
that you're coming home, Dad.
I'm coming home, Dana.
I know about
your condition.
You need to get
some help.
I am.
And you need
to stay away from me.
Good-bye, Brody.
I can't live
like this anymore.
It needs to stop.
What about the side
effects-- memory loss?
Saul, I've made up
my mind.
(beeping)
FOREIGN CORRESPONDENT:
Countering criticism from
the international community,
the Israeli government continues
to defend
its successful bombing of
five Iranian nuclear facilities.
Demonstrators held protests
outside of U.S. embassies
over the American government's
support of Israel.
I told you to
turn it off.
IDF spokesman Yigal Nitzani
called
Iran's claim of 3,000 casualties
"a gross exaggeration
"meant to stir
international outrage
Dad.
against Israel in its..."
(turns TV off)
It's not like she doesn't know
what's going on over there.
MAGGIE:
Of course she does.
But why wave it
in her face?
I mean, she's finally gotten
to a good place.
Depends how you define good.
What do you mean?
I think her lithium levels
are too high.
That is for her
and Dr. Rosenberg to decide.
When mine were too high,
I couldn't read
for six months.
Stay out of it.
Puttering around
in that stupid garden
like your mother used to do.
(door opens)
Morning, guys.
Hey, want some pancakes?
No, thanks.
You sure?
Yeah, I've got
a bunch of exams
to grade before class,
and, Dad, you can turn
the TV back on now.
Oh.
What did I tell you?
♪ ♪
(overlapping shouting)
SAUL:
You said a woman gave this
to our cutout.
You didn't say who.
MAN: That's the thing,
sir, we don't know.
What do you mean you don't know?
She contacted us with
a priority three code--
intelligence about an
attack on U.S. interests.
Someone in this station
must be running her.
Except no one has
any idea who she is.
We were hoping you might.
Let me show you.
I've never seen her before.
MAN:
Well, she wants a face-to-
face at one of our designated
dead drops.
When?
In two hours.
(shouting continues)
Get the car ready.
You're gonna drop me outside.
Sir, the last unconfirmed asset
we trusted
blew himself up
with five of our officers.
Shouldn't we work
our sources,
find out who she is first?
Two days ago
Israel bombed five nuclear
sites deep inside Iran.
Ayatollahs are not amused.
They have climbed
into their minbars, vowed to
retaliate against the West.
You're saying
it's not a coincidence
this woman comes forward now.
I'm saying it's not
a coincidence we can ignore.
I'll get the car.
(shouting continues)
(honks horn)
(speaking Arabic)
I think we
got company.
You'd think they'd at least
change out their follow car.
(honks horn)
♪ ♪
(man speaks Arabic)
(Saul speaks Arabic)
(crowd chatter)
Why are you running away?
I came here 'cause
you wanted to talk.
You are confusing me
with someone else.
I don't think so.
You said you had information
about an attack.
No, Aaron, that's
not what I'm saying.
I've just been trying to get
some sort of conformation.
Well, get him on the phone.
BETSY:
Sir.
Morning, Betsy.
Who?
(whispering):
The Vice President.
Mr. Vice President.
(door closes)
Congressman.
I understand the wives
are becoming fast friends.
Oh, Mrs. Walden's
been great, sir.
Getting Dana and Chris
into school,
helping with
their scholarships.
Well, that's what Cynthia does.
Now it's our turn.
Sir?
Build some mutual trust.
Within the hour,
my campaign is going
to float your name
as a potential running mate
on the ticket.
Assuming you're
interested, of course.
Are you're serious?
This is for real?
We've got a long way to go
to the convention,
and there's other hats
in the ring,
but I believe
you're the future of the party.
So I'll ask you again:
are you interested?
Hell, yes.
That's the answer I was
looking for the first time!
Understood, sir. Thank you.
There is one other thing.
I had you vetted
by my search committee,
background checked
by the FBI.
Turned you inside out.
(sighing)
What did we miss, Nick?
What flaw in your character,
what deep abiding secret?
I need to know.
I need to know now.
I've been in a Taliban hole,
sir, for eight years.
I didn't get much of a chance
to misbehave.
Fair enough, but here's what
people are gonna say about that.
You were a prisoner
a long time. Too long.
You're damaged goods.
You really want me
to respond to that?
You can hit a curveball.
That's good.
Expect my office to send over
a preliminary schedule.
First up are
the Sunday talk shows.
I'm also arranging
an intelligence briefing.
I want you prepped for
the inevitable questions
about the crisis
in the Middle East.
I appreciate that, sir.
And good luck.
(door opens)
(door closes)
Nice work, Hana.
Thank you.
You, too, Hakem.
Almost perfect, Omar.
Watch out for
the extra pronoun, though.
It's not: "Those are the
sunglasses I want to buy them."
It's: "Those are the
sunglasses I want to buy."
Those are the sunglasses
I want to buy.
Good.
(knock on door)
Uh...
I'll be right back.
Excuse me.
What do you want?
How are you, Carrie?
I'm fine.
Hey, I'm sorry I never
stopped by the hospital.
I always meant to.
Don't worry about it.
I wasn't exactly
having a party.
What do you want?
Estes needs to see you.
Tell him to fuck off.
Don't you even want to know
what this is about?
No.
Come on, Carrie.
What am I supposed
to tell him?
Tell him he was right.
Tell him I never belonged
in CIA in the first place.
Sorry, everybody.
Uh, yes, Omar?
(speaks Arabic)
Uh, he wasn't anybody.
He's on the short list.
That's all we really know
right now.
Uh, Senator Laughton,
I think?
(laughing):
No, no, I mean, it's all good.
We're just in a complete
state of shock over here.
Listen, Jean, I have to go,
but thanks for calling,
and please thank Martin. Bye.
The phone has been ringing
all day.
You would not believe who's
coming out of the woodwork.
Guess how many friend requests
I got today?
How many?
Three hundred.
That's a lot of friends.
Chris, please tell Dana
that your father's home.
Dana!
And please don't yell.
Just go get her.
My God, Brody,
Vice President
of the United States?
Let's not get carried away.
Walden's just floating my name.
They said you didn't have
enough experience
to be Walden's running mate.
I don't.
I think he's just using my name
to help sell the public
on taking a harder line
with Iran.
Still, just the fact that he's
mentioning your name in public.
That's pretty incredible.
Well.
After everything
you've been through.
Everything we've all
been through.
Hey,
you sure you want this?
You know, being a member
of Congress is...
It wouldn't be easy
on the family.
I get that, but I'd be lying
if I said this
hasn't been fun.
DANA:
I'll be back in,
like, an hour.
Do you have anything you want
to say to your father?
Congratulations.
Thank you.
Where are you going?
Dinner.
JESSICA: With who?
(murmurs):
Xander.
Can you speak up, please?
How come you never go out with
friends from your new school?
Because I don't have any friends
at my new school.
Are you
done interrogating me?
(sighs)
It's okay.
Her attitude sucks.
Yeah, she's 16.
When I was 16,
I was working two jobs,
saving money
for junior college.
Yeah? I was repeating my
sophomore year in high school.
You were, weren't you?
Oh, yeah.
Carrie, where have you been?
I've been trying you
and trying you.
How come you didn't
answer your phone?
I turned it off.
(sighs)
Saul Berenson's been
calling all afternoon.
Did he say what he wanted?
No.
Just that it's important
he speak to you.
(phone line ringing)
SAUL:
Hello?
Saul, it's me.
Carrie.
Thanks for getting back.
I'm guessing this isn't
a social call.
No.
What's going on?
I can't talk.
We're on an open line,
but we need your help.
I know.
I hate myself for even asking.
Well, can't it wait
until tomorrow?
I'm afraid not.
David Estes is sitting outside
your house right now.
Well, tonight is Thursday.
I cook dinner for the family
on Thursdays.
I'm making vegetable lasagna
with vegetables
I picked this morning
from the garden.
(sighs)
Don't make me talk to him, Saul.
I don't ever want
to see him again.
I've put all of that away.
Please, Carrie.
God, why are you
doing this to me?!
(sighs)
I want you to know, Carrie,
this is much appreciated.
Just get it over with, okay?
There's a photo inside I'd
like you to take a look at.
Do you recognize her?
Yeah.
I recognize her. Why?
Who is she?
Fatima Ali,
first wife of Abbas Ali.
The Hezbollah
district commander.
How do you know her?
I recruited her,
that's how.
Yet there's no record of her
ever being an agent of yours.
Well, I ran her off book.
Why?
Because I was interested
in keeping her alive.
Our networks there were
blown, if you remember.
It was right around the time
we lost Garrett Hedges.
How did you make
your approach to her?
Carefully,
over a matter of months.
I first spotted her at the
Acadamie des Beaux-Arts.
She had a weakness
for American movies.
She loved Julia Roberts.
And did she turn out to be
a valuable asset?
I was transferred to Baghdad
before I had a chance
to find out.
So your last contact
with her was when?
March, 2005.
It was right before
I left Beirut.
I was trying to farm her out
to another case officer.
And?
She wouldn't go for it.
She said I was
the only one she could trust.
So she's been a dead agent
ever since?
As far as I know, yeah.
Well, apparently, she came
back to life yesterday,
and with information
about an attack on America.
Tell me.
Unfortunately,
that's all I know.
Well, what do you mean?
Well, she's refusing
to speak to anybody but you.
(scoffs)
Look, Carrie,
I, uh, hear you're doing well,
making good progress...
David, I've had a long day.
If you're gonna ask me to go
to Beirut, just ask me already.
You'll be back in three days.
We just need you to go meet
with your asset,
find out what she knows.
After all the shit you
dragged me through?
The unceremonious
humiliating way
you ran me out of the agency?
I didn't come here
to open old wounds,
and just so we're clear, this
isn't you getting your job back.
This is you being
a good citizen.
Just so we're clear,
I haven't said yes yet.
Carrie, please,
this is crazy.
Believe me, I wouldn't be going
if I had a choice.
You do have a choice.
You always have a choice.
Not-not this time.
Carrie, you're just starting
to get back on your feet.
You're not ready for this.
Don't you think I know that?
Regular sleep and meals,
avoiding stress, a schedule.
These are the things that have
been working so well for you.
At least call Dr. Rosenberg
before you make a decision.
I've already decided.
I don't understand how you can
trust these people
for one minute
after what they did to you.
I trust Saul.
He'll be there to hold my hand,
and it's only for a few days.
You say this is
about patriotism,
but we both know that's
not the whole story.
Part of you wants to do this.
FRANK:
Let her go, Maggie.
I'm worried she's gonna
wind up back in the hospital.
Let her go.
(whispering):
Thanks, Dad.
Be safe, sweetheart.
(engine starting)
Carrie Mathison,
Major Joy Mendez; she'll be
traveling with you to Cyprus.
I'll take your bag, ma'am.
Thank you, Major.
Call me Joy.
If you don't call me ma'am.
(knocking on door)
Come in.
Roya Hammad is doing a story
on veepstakes.
She wants 15 minutes
of your time.
When?
Now.
She was just down the hall
in Senator Laughton's office.
She's waiting outside.
All right, bring her in.
Hi, Roya.
Congressman Brody.
Please.
You want me in on this or...
Uh, no, I'll be fine.
(door closes)
So...
So, been an extraordinary couple
of days, wouldn't you say?
Depends.
On what?
On whether or not I actually
have a shot at the nomination.
Well, Senator Laughton
thinks you do,
and he's not too
happy about it.
(laughs)
But that's not
why I'm here.
Congressman, do you tape
what's said in this office?
Do you have any hidden recording
devices or video cameras?
No.
Why do you ask?
Because we need
to speak privately.
Oh, you mean off the record?
I mean privately.
About Abu Nazir.
He sends his best regards.
Excuse me?
Relax, Congressman.
I'm a friend.
Friend of whose?
I'm sorry.
I have no idea
what you're talking about.
Of Nazir's.
Our families have
been close since 1947.
They were refugees from
Palestine together.
(clears throat)
I'm gonna have to ask you
to leave now.
Issa's birthday is Monday.
He would have been 13 had he
survived the drone strike.
Do you remember what you
gave him for his tenth birthday?
He was scared of
the big, black crows
that perched on
the villa walls.
You made him a slingshot.
What do you want?
It's want Nazir want--
your help.
My help?
Yes.
David Estes is briefing you
tomorrow morning
on homeland security.
There's a safe in his office
containing the encryption key
to a database
of potential targets.
The code to Estes' safe.
If you need these,
you must be planning to hit
one of these targets.
I told Nazir
I would influence lawmakers
through my access.
That is what I'm doing,
and that is what we agreed to.
I know what you agreed to.
I am not a terrorist.
There's a difference
between terrorism
and a justifiable act
of retaliation.
I will not help you in the
killing of innocent civilians.
What about the 3,000 civilians
Israel just killed in Iran?
Everybody knows
those numbers are bullshit.
The point is blatant aggression
against a sovereign nation
cannot go unanswered.
Even if I agreed...
if I agreed to do this,
I can't open Estes' safe
while he's in the office.
You'll have your chance.
Nicholas,
we're at war.
You need to choose sides.
Abu Nazir knows
which side I'm on.
I killed Tom Walker.
And I'm sure some part of you
hoped it would end there.
If your allegiance
is truly with us,
this is your chance
to prove it.
Contact me when you have
the target list.
(door opens)
I couldn't sleep last night.
All I could think about
was Israel bombing Iran
to try to stop Iran
from bombing them.
The whole logic of that
just makes me want to scream.
I think maybe
the whole human race is insane.
Uh...
I think sometimes
military force is necessary.
I mean, the Iranian president
keeps saying he wants to wipe
Israel off the map, so...
they have every right
to defend themselves.
Plus the Arab religion
doesn't value human life
the way we do.
I mean,
we're the infidel, right?
And these Arabs believe
if they kill us,
they get to go to heaven.
And we're supposed
to let...
They're not Arabs.
Iranians aren't Arabs,
they're Persians.
Dana, I realize you're new here,
but Quaker meeting has rules.
The main one
is to remain silent
between statements
so we can each contemplate
what's been said
and what we want to say.
You can speak when Tad sits.
Persians, Arabs,
what's the difference?
They both want the same thing,
which is to annihilate us.
Why shouldn't we hit them first?
Maybe with a nuke
or two of our own.
Douche.
Did she just call me a douche?
We don't tolerate name-calling.
And what about mass murder?
Do we tolerate that?
I mean, because that's what
he's really saying, isn't it?
He was just talking.
He's talking
about turning Tehran
into a parking lot.
Dana,
that's enough.
Who do you think you are
and what do you know
about any of this anyways?
What do you know?
Well, what if I told you my dad
is undersecretary of state?
Yeah, well, what if I told you
my dad's a Muslim?
Right, and mine's
a Scientologist.
(laughter)
TEACHER:
All right.
That's enough.
MENDEZ:
Okay, Carrie, this
is the last one.
One, two, three.
Spell it.
Two Rs, two Ss, and an EY.
Morrissey.
Mother's maiden name?
Uh... (sighs)
Hold on, I know this one.
It's DeCarlo.
(groans)
Can we start again?
Sure.
(sighs)
My name is Kate Morrissey.
I was born on October 16, 1981.
Where?
Uh, in Ottawa at
the Queensway Carlton Hospital.
But you grew up in...
Calgary.
The hockey team there is...
(sighs)
I don't follow hockey.
You do if you live in Calgary.
The Flames.
Mother's maiden name?
Fuck. Fuck.
It's DeCarlo.
Right, DeCarlo, um,
like the olive oil.
DeCarlo, DeCarlo, DeCarlo,
DeCarlo, DeCarlo, DeCarlo.
Want to take a break?
(sighs)
I think I want to go home.
I understand,
and you will be home
in a short 72 hours.
When's my meet with Saul again?
We're still working on it.
Instructions
will be waiting for you
when you get to your hotel room.
At the Commodore.
Correct. You fly commercially
into Rafic-Hariri
tomorrow afternoon,
you grab a cab downtown,
and you check into
the Commodore.
What's wrong?
I don't eat meat.
(sighs)
JESSICA:
Good, you're home.
Dana!
Why? What is it?
Her dean called today.
Something the three of us
need to talk about.
Dana, get in here now.
DANA: I'm coming.
You don't have to yell.
So your dean called?
You want to tell him?
No, go ahead. I mean, you
obviously know everything...
She got into a fight.
It wasn't a fight.
At morning meeting.
I didn't start anything.
Just a couple of morons that...
They are not
morons.
Actually, yeah, they are.
Finn Walden was one of them,
the vice president's son.
See? Look, she is just terrified
of causing any sort of
trouble with Mrs. Walden,
her new best friend.
Hey, wait, what did they say?
You know I'd rather stick
with what Dana said.
She said you're a Muslim.
DANA:
And I didn't mean it.
JESSICA:
Then why say it?
To guarantee
everyone at your new school
thinks you're
out of your mind?
To make it impossible for me
to show my face there?
To blow up your father's
relationship
with the vice president?
Really, I want to know.
Are you that starved
for attention?
Mom, I said it was a mistake.
A mistake?
No one believed it.
That's not
the point.
I want to know why
you would say such a thing?
No, don't look at him.
I'm asking you,
right here.
Are you deliberately trying
to crash and burn?
Is that it? Do we need
to send you to a shrink?
Jessica, stop.
No, seriously.
I want to know
why she would say
such an insane thing.
Because it's true.
What?
DANA:
Dad, I'm so sorry.
I really did not mean
to say anything,
it just slipped out.
Wait...
I didn't want to tell you
because I knew
it would upset you.
But you told Dana?
No.
No, she saw me praying
one day...
in the garage.
The garage?
Jessica.
Dad...
I didn't mean to.
I know.
It's okay.
Jess.
It makes so much sense now,
why you spend so much
fucking time in here.
Do you want
to know why?
Does it matter?
It does to me.
What matters is you lied to me.
Every time that you came in here
you were lying to me.
No.
Yes, Brody, yes.
Do you know how fucked up
that is?
Do you know how much that hurts?
I'm sorry.
I-I don't understand.
These are the people
who tortured you.
who if they found out
Dana and Xander
were having sex,
they would
stone her to death
in a soccer stadium.
That's not supposed
to touch the floor.
Did you actually
just say that?
I thought you put this
crazy stuff behind you.
I thought we were
getting somewhere.
We are.
No, we're not.
I married a U.S. Marine.
This...
this can't happen.
You have a wife, two kids.
You're a congressman
in the running
to be vice president.
It cannot happen.
You get that, right?
Yeah, Jess, I do.
Does she know?
Who?
The CIA woman...
you were with.
Does she know
you're Muslim?
Why are you even asking me that?
Because she stood on our lawn
and said a bunch of things
I'm remembering all of a sudden.
Jess, that woman...
was fired by the CIA
and locked up
in a mental institution.
♪ ♪
Carrie.
Hey.
Wake up.
Oh, what time is it?
2:30.
In the afternoon?
Yeah.
We're moving out
in a little over an hour.
I need you to get up now.
You gonna be ready by then?
No problem.
Okay.
Sir.
Please take off your jacket
and remove anything
from your pockets.
We'll need to retain your
cell phone, sir, till you leave.
Thank you very much.
Step through.
She seemed okay when I saw her.
In Virginia,
in the bosom of her family
where her mental state
is coddled and cared for.
Now she's 6,000 miles away.
Mendez is there, she doesn't
think Carrie's up to it.
Is this Mendez talking or you?
It's both of us.
We've been through this, Saul.
We have no other options.
No good ones, I admit,
but if Carrie fucks up this
operation then we have none.
(door opens)
Can we push back 24 hours?
For what reason?
I'm still waiting to hear
from two sources.
Maybe one of them's
gotten wind of something.
That married couple?
The professors
with the American University?
They're not sources, Saul,
they're dinner guests.
You said so yourself.
Look, I know you're worried
about Carrie.
I am, too.
But we got the wife
of Hezbollah commander
who says she has intel
about an attack against America.
You still there?
I'm here.
The mission clock
starts in an hour.
When the door opens, I need you
to walk Carrie through it.
Sorry I'm late.
I got held up by a call.
No, I appreciate you
taking the time.
I'm sure you got
your hands full.
And I was just getting
used to calling you Congressman.
Oh, the convention's
still months away.
A lot can happen
between now and then.
I doubt the vice president
would be taking
such a personal interest
in prepping you
unless he was serious
about your prospects.
Please, have a seat.
So, uh, I understand
you used to work together
when he ran the agency--
the vice president.
Bill Walden's the reason
I'm in this job.
He pulled me off
a division desk
to help him run
the drone program
back when we only had eight
Predators over Baghdad.
How many do you have now?
How many?
Predators.
I don't know, 8,000? 9,000?
You lost count?
Al-Qaeda's been gutted
because of those drones.
That's what matters, right?
Right.
(knocking on door)
Come in.
I'm sorry for interrupting, sir,
but we've got
a time sensitive matter.
What is it?
Oh, you can speak freely,
as long
as it's not
classified.
Roya Hammad--
she's filing
an on-air
story tonight
and she wants a comment.
What? Now?
She's in the pressroom.
Media Relations
should be handling this.
They tried. They sent down
the Public Affairs officer,
but the DCI just weighed in,
wants you to talk to her.
I am sorry to keep apologizing,
but I need to take care of this.
No, do what you got to do.
You can wait here,
I won't be long.
Can I get you anything?
Coffee? Water?
No, I'm good.
Thanks.
(door closes)
(beeps)
(sighs)
(door opening)
(low, indistinct talking)
Deputy Director?
Ms. Hammad, what
can I do for you?
Please.
You can confirm
or deny reports that only four
of the targeted
Iranian nuclear facilities
were actually destroyed,
and that the fifth
is still operational.
Reports from who?
Multiple sources
inside the government.
Ours or theirs?
(door opening, closing
in distance)
We're breaking the story
tonight on World News
with or without a statement
from the agency.
Oh, do what you have to do, but
if I were you, I'd sit on it.
Unless you're okay with
being wrong about the facts.
What do you mean?
Have a nice weekend,
Ms. Hammad.
You know I'm close, so at least
help me get it right.
Not a chance.
How about dinner then?
Saturday night?
Cafe Milano.
I've got a standing reservation
for two. 8:00.
You can ply me with wine,
feed me pasta.
I still won't divulge
classified intelligence.
No worries.
I'm sure we could find
something else to talk about.
All right.
Is that a yes?
Yes.
Saturday.
(door closes)
ESTES:
Tell Korman he needs
to do damage control.
See if he can give
Roya something else.
Get her to sit
on the story until
we can find out
who leaked this.
(clears throat)
Everything okay?
Uh, yeah, fine.
Traveling alone?
Miss Morrissey?
I'm sorry?
I asked if you're
traveling alone.
Uh, yes.
You have anything
to declare?
No.
Hotel Commodore.
(elevator bell dings)
(sighs)
(breathing loudly)
(crowd chatter, music playing)
(phone rings)
Carrie?
Sorry I'm late.
Half the streets are shut down.
Yeah. People are pissed.
So I've noticed.
How was your flight?
A little bumpy.
But you made it.
Yeah. It's just like old times.
Carrie, listen to me carefully.
You need to walk past the cafe.
Do not stop.
Why?
I got company.
You hear me?
Uh, yeah.
There's a safe house
on El Ghadin. 2218.
I'll meet you there
when I lose them.
Okay.
Repeat the address.
Uh, 2212 El Ghadin.
2218.
Uh, 2218.
(speaking Arabic)
Shit. (sighs)
They may have made you, Carrie.
There's a man
with a gray jacket, yellow
stripes crossing El Barghout.
His partner's still on me,
so I'm pinned here,
but you'll be okay.
Dump your radio phone,
let him take you into custody.
Your cover will hold
until we get the ambassador.
I can lose him, Saul.
If you run,
you'll only make it worse.
If they arrest me,
this mission is blown.
Don't worry about that now.
Carrie?
(speaking Arabic)
(man groans)
(panting)
(speaking Arabic)
(sighs)
(crickets chirping)
(speaking Arabic)
DANA:
Dad?
What are you doing?
Your mom threw my
Koran on the floor,
tore some pages.
It's desecrated.
So I'm burying it
out of respect.
Here, Dad, let me help.